Marie Morin
CSCI-305

10. "is a little girl in the world" ... kinda weird. A lot of words turn into a long loop, instead of
    stopping the title

14. Because a lot of them have the same following words, and are very common words. One thing I noticed: I
    have basically the correct answer for part 12, however, I am missing one space.

15. Ominous: Created the title "Ominous Lamentation"

16. Honestly, by the time I got to this point I was extremely tired and had to get to bed for an early morning.
    I understand that I'm going to get two points off here, but I know that if words start duplicating (i.e.
    the word already exists in the array), then we break out of the while loop and return the title.

17. montana sacra nova baby i don't know what you are you are you are you are you are you are

18. bob marley vs me down south side story short fuse box blues away inmanger with you are you are you

19. Nope, I get the exact same answer. This could vary, however, when we randomly choose the next highest word
    to jump to, if we have two or more words occurring the same highest amount of times.

20. "Stop Masturbating"

21. I like almost nothing, except the regular expressions look cool. Honestly, this lab was incredibly
    aggravating for me.

22. I don't like that the regular expressions were so hard for me to figure out-- or that there aren't
    any for loops! I love me my for loops (and threw one in at the end because I just wanted to be done.)

23. Not particularly. However, this may be my own fault, as I did not start it nearly as soon as
    I should have. I enjoyed learning a new language, but would have enjoyed a series of smaller projects
    much more.

24. I spent a good 10-12 hours on this lab. I messed up on my understanding of the bigrams section, and spent
    much longer than I should have figuring out why I was having such a hard time. It took someone else looking
    at my code to figure out I was interpreting the assignment incorrectly.

25. Probably. It would be fun to write some Homebrew scrips, since those are all written in Ruby.
    I don't know a whole lot about the language, but I'm looking forward to making some personal projects
    so that I actually enjoy using it.
